Chapter 2

1. What is the purpose of the “Hello, World!” program?
2. Name the four parts of a function.
3. Name a function that must appear in every C++ program.
4. In the “Hello, World!” program, what is the purpose of the line return 0;?
5. What is the purpose of the compiler?
6. What is the purpose of the #include directive?
7. What does a .h suffix at the end of a file name signify in C++?
8. What does the linker do for your program?
9. What is the difference between a source file and an object file?
10. What is an IDE and what does it do for you?
11. If you understand everything in the textbook, why is it necessary to practice?

Answers :
1: To get started and give you a feel of how you can get a computer to do things for you.
2: Return Type( ie int main()), Name, Parameter and function body( ie statements in the { }, that the function is to perform)
3: int main()
4: A zero returned by the function indicates that the program has successfully terminated
5: The compiler takes source code and converts it into object code aka executable, that the computer can read
6. includes directive instructs the computer to make a library/facility available.
7: .h signifies its a header file. A header contains definitions of terms such as std::cout.
8: once the compiler converts the source code to object code the linker links the object code to the library included.<iostream>
9: source is written and read by people the object file is converted from the source file by the compiler and is used by the computer to execute.
10: IDE is the interactive developer environment.  these are the tools we use to implement code. ie text editor, compiler.
11: develop critical thinking, and reinforce skill.

C ++ - Computer language
comment - two forward slashes used to write words that the compiler ignores and only people can read.
compile-time error - an error with the source code.
cout - stands for character output,
executable - a program ready to be run/executed on a computer.
function - code that can be invoked (called) from different parts of a program
header a file containing declarations used to share interfaces between parts of a program
IDE - interactive developer environment. tools used to implement code
#include - instructs the computer to make available (“to include”) facilities from a library.
library - is simple code written by others that we are accessing using declarations found in an included.
linker - program that links the object code to the declared library.
main() - function used in every cpp file
object code - the code that the compiler translates source code to
output - values produced by computations.
program - set of instructions/code for the computer to execute
source code - written by people.
statement - set of values.

